Feature/sina/hdf5 output support (#1480)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/sina/docs/sphinx/documents.rst

        std::cout << myDocument.toJson() << std::endl;
    }

------------------------------
Generating Documents From HDF5
------------------------------

In addition to assembling ``Document`` instances from existing JSON files, it
is possible to generate ``Document`` objects from existing HDF5 files using
conduit.

Sina's ``saveDocument()`` and ``loadDocument()`` functions support HDF5 assembly if we provide it
the optional Protocol variable set to HDF5:

.. code:: cpp

    #include "axom/sina.hpp"

    int main (void) {

>         axom::sina::Document myDocument = axom::sina::loadDocument("MySinaData.hdf5", axom::sina::Protocol::HDF5);

Reviewer: HDF5 is always defined so there shouldn't be a compilation error

        std::cout << myDocument.toJson() << std::endl;
    }

------------------------------
Generating Documents From HDF5
------------------------------

In addition to assembling ``Document`` instances from existing JSON files, it
is possible to generate ``Document`` objects from existing HDF5 files using

> conduit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conduit.
```

Reviewer: Fixed.

        std::cout << myDocument.toJson() << std::endl;
    }

------------------------------
Generating Documents From HDF5
------------------------------

In addition to assembling ``Document`` instances from existing JSON files, it
is possible to generate ``Document`` objects from existing HDF5 files using
conduit.

> Sina's ``saveDocument()`` and ``loadDocument()`` functions support HDF5 assembly if we both 
> build axom with HDF5 support and provide it with the optional Protocol variable set to HDF5. 
> If Protocol::HDF5 is attempted while axom does not have HDF5 support, the functions will 
> recognize they won't have the support for what you are attempting and will return a list of 
> supported types instead as a runtime error.

Reviewer 3: Minor: It might be clearer to discuss an Axom _configuration_ with HDF5. I.e. Axom supports HDF5, but could be configures with or without HDF5 enabled.

Something like the following might be clearer:
```suggestion
When Axom is configured with HDF5 support, Sina's ``saveDocument()`` and ``loadDocument()`` functions support HDF5 assembly through the `Protocol::HDF5` argument.  The functions will throw a runtime error with the list of available types in Axom configurations without HDF5 support.
```
